pages/articles/designers-start.slim.md, before:

---
title: Start designing
---
header.image style="background-image:url(/assets/images/desktop.jpg)"
  .mid-align
    h1 How to start
    p 8 steps to design a new website for the University
section
  ol.steps
    li
      h2 Research
      p Find out user needs by doing research and get to know the audience you are talking to.
    li
      h2 Get content
      p Gather as much real content as possible before you start laying out pages.
    li
      h2 Structure
      p Structure your content in a linear and useful way.
    li
      h2 Layout your page
      p
        |Download our
        '
        a href="/assets/downloads/web.unimelb.paper_cutout.pdf" paper cutout pdf
        '
        |and start to layout the page on your table or whiteboard.
    li
      h2 Code
      p <a href="/developers">Jump into code</a> and build a prototype to test your layout, content and interactions.
    li
      h2 Test early
      p Test your HTML prototypes as early as possible. You don't need to setup expensive formal user testing scenarios but you should start to test with your target audience as soon as possible in informal small testing sessions.
    li
      h2 Iterate
      p Your page will never be done. It is better to start with a very small and scoped feature set. After shipping the product you continue to improve and add features as needed, based on feedback from real users.
    li
      h2 Contribute
      p If you couldn't find an adequate component in the Design System and you had to come up with your own, please contribute it back. It is highly likely that someone else from the Universitie's web community could use your component as well.

Commit message:

Started to write articels around design, etc...

pages/articles/designers-start.slim.md, after:

---
title: Start designing
---
header.image style="background-image:url(/assets/images/desktop.jpg)"
  .mid-align
    h1 How to start
    p 8 steps to design a new website for the University
section.alt
  blockquote
    |Every superfluous page we create is one more dead end for an angry, frustrated, confused user
    cite
      |Tom Loosemore (@tomskitomski)
      '
      a href="https://twitter.com/tomskitomski/status/111007350210576384" September 6, 2011
section
  ol.steps
    li
      h2 Research
      p Find out user needs by doing research and get to know the audience you are talking to.
      ul
        li
          a href="http://alistapart.com/article/audiences-outcomes-and-determining-user-needs" Audiences, Outcomes, and Determining User Needs
        li
          a href="https://www.gov.uk/service-manual/user-centred-design/user-needs.html" How to focus a service on users
    li
      h2 Get content
      p Gather as much real content as possible before you start laying out pages and work closely with the content designer.
      ul
        li
          a href="http://uxmyths.com/post/718187422/myth-you-dont-need-the-content-to-design-a-website" Myth #19: You don’t need the content to design a website
    li
      h2 Structure
      p Structure your content in a linear and useful way.
      ul
        li
          a href="/articles/one-thing-at-a-time" One. Thing. At. A. Time.
    li
      h2 Layout your page
      p
        |Download our
        '
        a href="/assets/downloads/web.unimelb.paper_cutout.pdf" paper cutout pdf
        '
        |and start to layout the page on your table or whiteboard.
    li
      h2 Code
      p <a href="/developers">Jump into code</a> and build a prototype to test your layout, content and interactions.
    li
      h2 Test early
      p Test your HTML prototypes as early as possible. You don't need to setup expensive formal user testing scenarios but you should start to test with your target audience as soon as possible in informal small testing sessions.
    li
      h2 Iterate
      p Your page will never be done. It is better to start with a very small and scoped feature set. After shipping the product you continue to improve and add features as needed, based on feedback from real users.
    li
      h2 Contribute
      p If you couldn't find an adequate component in the Design System and you had to come up with your own, please contribute it back. It is highly likely that someone else from the Universitie's web community could use your component as well.
