README.md, before:

# Unimelb Design System

## Copyright Notice
Copyright 2016 The University of Melbourne

The contents of this repository have been produced by The University of Melbourne for internal use and must not be distributed without the express permission of The University of Melbourne.

To make a copy and run the system locally, you will need to:

    git clone git@github.com:marcom-unimelb/unimelb-design-system.git
    cd unimelb-design-system
    cp .env.example .env
    bundle install
    npm install

### Running locally

This is the development mode, where a webpack dev server with *hot module replacement* runs in parallel to the app server. This mode is for working on bug fixes and new features. Start the servers with:

    foreman start

Alternatively, you may run:

    npm start

Two servers run in parallel (rack and webpack) and the entry point is available through a proxy at [http://localhost:7001/](http://localhost:7001/).

## Building the assets

A precompiled, production package of every target builds can be created by running:

    rake assets:build

This is equivalent to running:

    npm run build

The compiled output can be found in the `/build` directory.

### Shrinkwrap

To update `npm-shrinkwrap.json` after adding, removing or updating dependencies, run `npm run shrink`.

Commit message:

document process to update legacy injection

README.md, after:

# Unimelb Design System

## Copyright Notice
Copyright 2016 The University of Melbourne

The contents of this repository have been produced by The University of Melbourne for internal use and must not be distributed without the express permission of The University of Melbourne.

## Set-up
To set up the design system locally, run:

```
git clone git@github.com:marcom-unimelb/unimelb-design-system.git
cd unimelb-design-system
cp .env.example .env
bundle install
npm install
```

## Development
1. Run `foreman start` or `npm start`
2. Visit [http://localhost:7001/](http://localhost:7001/)

### Shrinkwrap
`npm-shrinkwrap.json` must be kept up to date when adding, removing or updating dependencies. NPM will take care of it for you automatically in some cases. If unsure, use `npm run shrink` to delete and recreate the shrinkwrap file.

## Building the assets
Run `rake assets:build` or `npm run build`. The compiled targets can be found in the `/build` directory.

## Updating the legacy injection (< v6.0)
1. Create a local branch off the most recent legacy tag - e.g. `git checkout tags/v5.0.1 -b fix-something-in-injection`
2. Recreate `.env` from `.env.example` and set `CDNURL` to `"https://d2h9b02ioca40d.cloudfront.net/shared"`
3. Fix whatever you need to fix in the injection and commit the changes.
4. Run `NODE_ENV=production npm run build` to compile the targets.
5. Copy the files to slingshot, test your changes and deploy.
6. Create a tag from your branch - e.g. `git tag v5.0.2`, then `git push origin v5.0.2`.
7. Delete your local branch - e.g. `git branch -d v5.0.2`.
