pages/developers.slim.md, before:

---
title: For Developers
---
header.solid-paleblue
  h1 Developers

section
  p The design system has been created with the following principles in mind.

  ol
    li The system has been built so that you should never <em>need</em> a custom.css or custom.js file. 
    li Code examples for page templates and components should be provided along with examples of implementation.
    li The design system is technology agnostic in the first instance. We cannot support CMS implementations of template code.
    li However, we will work with CMS experts (eg. Squiz) to integrate with major, university supported CMS's
    li Assets are stored centrally on a CDN to ensure maximum performance and maintainability over time.
    li If something is broken, you should <a href="">contribute a fix</a>.
    li If something is not there, it is better to <a href="">contribute it</a>.
    li Component code should be isolated and stored seperately as far as is practical.
    li The documentation site should immediately show you the effect of changes made to enable contribution
    li Pull-requests should be used to

  p How to get started

  ol
    li: a href="#todo" Setting up a basic site from scratch
    li: a href="" Using page templates in your site
    li: a href="" Adding components to your application

  p Contributing to the templates

  ol
    li: a href="" Understanding the template repository
    li: a href="" Setting up a development environment to contribute
    li: a href="" Component based front-end architecture (and why we use it)

  p General background

  ol
    li: a href="" Why Custom.css has to die (hint: it has to do with maintainabilty)

  p Note: If you are not a developer and do not need your site to do especially complicated things, we strongly (strongly, strongly) recommend that you use a univeristy supported CMS. This will make your life much easier.

Commit message:

Start to reorder developers page and create development boilerplate article.

pages/developers.slim.md, after:

---
title: For Developers
---
header.solid-paleblue
  h1 Developers

section

  p How to get started

  ol
    li: a href="/articles/development-boilerplate" Development boilerplate
    li: a href="/articles/using-example-layouts" Using example layouts
    li: a href="/articles/development-adding-components" Adding components

  p Contributing to the templates

  ol
    li: a href="" Understanding the template repository
    li: a href="" Setting up a development environment to contribute
    li: a href="" Component based front-end architecture (and why we use it)

  p General background

  ol
    li: a href="" Why Custom.css has to die (hint: it has to do with maintainabilty)

  p Note: If you are not a developer and do not need your site to do especially complicated things, we strongly (strongly, strongly) recommend that you use a univeristy supported CMS. This will make your life much easier.


  p The design system has been created with the following principles in mind.

  ol
    li You should never <em>need</em> a custom.css or custom.js file. 
    li Code for example layouts and components should be provided along with examples of implementation.
    li The design system is technology agnostic in the first instance. We cannot support CMS implementations of template code.
    li However, we will work with CMS experts (eg. Squiz) to integrate with major, university supported CMS's
    li Assets are stored centrally on a CDN to ensure maximum performance and maintainability over time.
    li If something is broken, you should <a href="">contribute a fix</a>.
    li If something is not there, it is better to <a href="">contribute it</a>.
    li Component code should be isolated and stored seperately as far as is practical.
    li The documentation site should immediately show you the effect of changes made to enable contribution
    li Pull-requests should be used to
